adaptation join spec (#36)
kg-construct/rml-lv: spec/section/joins.md

## Logical view joins {#viewjoins}

> A <dfn>logical view join</dfn> (`rml:LogicalViewJoin`) is an operation that extends the logical iteration of one logical view (the [=child logical view=]) with fields derived from  another logical view (the [=parent logical view=]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <dfn>logical view join</dfn> (`rml:LogicalViewJoin`) is an operation that extends the logical iteration of one logical view (the [=child logical view=]) with fields derived from another logical view (the [=parent logical view=]).
```

A [=logical view join=] (`rml:LogicalViewJoin`) MUST contain:
- exactly one parent logical view property (`rml:parentLogicalView`), whose value is a [=logical view=] (`rml:LogicalView`) that supplies the additional fields, fulfills the role of the <!-- TODO reference to core parent logical source when available-->[parent logical source]() in the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition(s)</a> of the [=logical view join=], and is referred to as <dfn>parent logical view</dfn>.
- at least one join condition property (`rml:joinCondition`), whose value is a <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition</a>.

> - at least one field property (`rml:field`), whose value is a [=field=] (`rml:Field`). This field MAY only contain references to fields that exists in the parent logical view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- at least one field property (`rml:field`), whose value is a [=field=] (`rml:Field`). This field SHOULD only contain references to fields that exists in the parent logical view. 
```

| Property                | Domain                | Range               |
|-------------------------|-----------------------|---------------------|
| `rml:parentLogicalView` | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:LogicalView`   |
| `rml:joinCondition`     | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:JoinCondition` |
| `rml:field`             | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:Field`         |

### Join types {#dfn-join-type}

> A [=logical view=] (`rml:LogicalView`) MAY have one or more join properties, whose value is a [=logical view join=]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [=logical view=] (`rml:LogicalView`) MUST have zero or more join properties, whose value is a [=logical view join=]. 
```

> A [=logical view=] (`rml:LogicalView`) MAY have one or more join properties, whose value is a [=logical view join=]. 

Reviewer: This is also already stated in section 4. Logical Views. Ideally, we should only state it once, either here or in section 4.
If we need to reference "join properties" here, we should probably define the term.

Author: See my new commit: https://github.com/kg-construct/rml-lv/pull/36/commits/63046b29f38144835c7e549f290f9cb8df3c3747.

This [=logical view=] fulfills the role of <!-- TODO reference to core child logical source when available-->[child logical source]() in the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition(s)</a> of the [=logical view join=], and is referred to as <dfn>child logical view</dfn>. 
The logical iterations of the [=child logical view=] are extended with the fields defined in the [=logical view join=].  

The join property specifies the join type of the [=logical view join=], i.e. a [=left join=] and an [=inner join=]. 

> A <dfn>left join</dfn> (`rml:leftJoin`) is the equivalent of a left (outer) join in SQL, where the [=child logical view=] is the left part of the join, and the [=parent logical view=] is the right part of the join. If any of the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition</a> evaluates `false`, the fields from the [=logical view join=] in the extended logical iteration contain a null value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <dfn>left join</dfn> (`rml:leftJoin`) is the equivalent of a left (outer) join in SQL, where the [=child logical view=] is the left part of the join, and the [=parent logical view=] is the right part of the join. If any of the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join conditions</a> evaluates to `false`, the fields from the [=logical view join=] in the extended logical iteration contain a null value.
```

> An <dfn>inner join</dfn> (`rml:innerJoin`) is the equivalent of an inner join in SQL. If any of the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition</a> evaluates `false`, the logical iteration is removed from the [=child logical view=].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An <dfn>inner join</dfn> (`rml:innerJoin`) is the equivalent of an inner join in SQL. If any of the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join conditions</a> evaluates to `false`, the logical iteration is removed from the [=child logical view=].
```

## Logical view joins {#viewjoins}

> A <dfn>logical view join</dfn> (`rml:LogicalViewJoin`) is an operation that extends the logical iteration of one logical view (the [=child logical view=]) with fields derived from another logical view (the [=parent logical view=]).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <dfn>logical view join</dfn> (`rml:LogicalViewJoin`) is an operation that extends the logical iteration of one logical view (the [=child logical view=]) with fields derived from another logical view (the [=parent logical view=]).
```

- at least one join condition property (`rml:joinCondition`), whose value is a <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition</a>.
- at least one field property (`rml:field`), whose value is a [=field=] (`rml:Field`). This field SHOULD only contain references to fields that exists in the parent logical view. 

The [=logical view=] in the subject position of the [=join property=], fulfills the role of <!-- TODO reference to core child logical source when available-->[child logical source]() in the <a data-cite="RML-Core#dfn-join-condition">join condition(s)</a> of the [=logical view join=], and is referred to as <dfn>child logical view</dfn>.

| Property                | Domain                | Range               |
|-------------------------|-----------------------|---------------------|
| `rml:parentLogicalView` | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:LogicalView`   |
| `rml:joinCondition`     | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:JoinCondition` |
| `rml:field`             | `rml:LogicalViewJoin` | `rml:Field`         |

### Join types {#dfn-join-type}

> The <dfn>join property</dfn> specifies the join type of the [=logical view join=], i.e. a [=left join=] and an [=inner join=]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <dfn>join property</dfn> specifies the join type of the [=logical view join=], i.e. a [=left join=] or an [=inner join=].
```
